Change qml -> qp in docs (#9310)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  states, with correct fallbacks for autodiff interfaces (Autograd, Torch, JAX).
  [(#9075)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9075)

* Added a `qp.decomposition.reconstruct` module which implements a method to reconstruct the original
  operator instance from `(*op.data, op.wires, **op.resource_params)`, which enables qjit-compatible
  symbolic decomposition rules that do not need to take an instance of the base operator as input.
  [(#9188)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9188)

<h3>Documentation 📝</h3>

> * The `qml` alias as in `import pennylane as qml` has been updated to `qp` in the `doc` module.

Reviewer: Let's merge this first and then just put all subsequent PRs here.
```suggestion
* The `qml` alias as in `import pennylane as qml` has been updated to `qp` in our source code and documentation.
```
